The AXIOM Corporation (NYSE: AAXM) is a British-founded American multinational conglomerate and megacorporation specializing in the energy and space industries. A pioneer in technology, AXIOM is most known for being the first (and remaining the largest) supplier of fusion power across the Sol system and is the largest corporation in the world by revenue and market cap, topping Fortune 500 charts for several years in a row. It provides dozens of enterprise-oriented services besides energy, including its own substantial PMC division, weapons manufacturing, R&D, aerospace, and financial services.

AXIOM was founded as Axiom Dynamics in 2044 by founder Anthony Goodwood, eventually pioneering the first fusion reactor in the world that produced a positive net energy rate and earning the ire and attention of several world governments, taking place at a crucial point in which oil and coal reserves had become too scarce for mass usage and amidst a critical shortage of fissile material such as uranium and plutonium.

Following a ten-year period of rapid expansion, AXIOM went public in 2054, trading as AAXM on the NYSE and quickly climbing up to top market charts. The company proceeded to grow to Fortune 500 top-10 status by 2061, becoming No.1 on several occasions; the latest streak of which was started in 2110 and continues to present day.

More than 80% of Earth's fusion energy generation -- making up more than 40% of Earth's total energy expenditure -- comes from AXIOM (or AXIOM partnered) reactors, its patented fusion reactors unmatched in efficiency and power output.

Due to this, AXIOM wields significant power over governments and corporations alike, rivaling the influences of superpowers such as the European Union and the United States. Its influence, coupled with allegations of lobbying and lawsuit dodging backed up by an army of top-tier attorneys, has led the legal world to refer to AXIOM as an "untouchable" company.

With a seat in the United Nations Security Council, AXIOM, along with Gansai Industries and Royal Arms Manufacturing, form the corporate triumvirate of United Nations Tier 1 defence partners. These companies are prioritised above all else, willingly or otherwise, for many defence contracts with the UN and its militaries. Despite this, however, their lucrative hold isn't infinite - smaller corporations have lately began to wiggle their way into contracts while simultaneously besting what the giants have to offer on their wide menus.

(OOU Note: This data was pulled from the SSRP Wiki, please show support to the original Authors.)