The Cann Space Industries Space Station, or CSISS, is a large space structure constructed by Cann Industries in 2057, under the codename "Freebird", in reference to the popular 1970's era southern rock song by Lynard Skynyrd.
The CSISS set course for Sol IV (Mars) in 2062, and arrived sometime in 2063.

The CSISS is designed to house and support at maximum capcity, 30 individuals (Though, it commonly operated at max capacity). 
The CSISS is comprised of 3 main componets. 

The Crew Area, which is a cylindric collum with a sizable ring spinning at a high speed in order to create artifical gravity via centrifugal momentum.
The second componet is comprised of farm equipment and multiple compost bins. The produce system is very coordinated and calculated to ensure there is sufficient consumeables for all crew members.
The last componet is a de-pressurized and autonomous module that supports and houses the primary hydrogen thrust system. 
Multiple shipments of fuel have been made before and after each burn to ensure the station can operate addequetly for extended periods of time where orbits may be unstable or when immediate orbital changes are needed.

On July 6, 2063, At 0245 an inbound man-made weaponized object with a fusion based nuclear warhead was identified to be on course to intercept the CSISS at 0328, just weeks after a threatening call from a UN representative. Immediatly, evacuatiom procedures were enacted. With 13 out of the 15 escape pods occupied.
The 4 people still onboard the ship, not in an escape pod, were [Data Expunged] Cann himself, The Head of Defense, The Head of Navigation, and Head of Experimental Science. 

On January 29, 2063, just 7 months before the attack, an experimental weapons system was put into place. Consisting of 3 Heavy Artillery Guns, 2 Torpedo Bays, and small thrusters on all sides of the station to counteract the intertia from these weapons.

The remaining 4 crew onboard the ship, worked to get the weapons sytem locked onto the incoming torpedo. By 0300, the weapons system was fully locked onto the torpedo and awaited both Cann's key and The Head of Defense's key. 
As they turned the keys, a jolt of energy from was felt, causing the remaining crew members to be thrown across the room. However, shortly after, the counter thrusters were activated. The weapons were able to fire seamlessly with the thrusters activation.

By 0325, just 3 minutes before the torpedo was set to intercept the CSISS, the torpedo was detonated. Just 1440 meters away from the CSISS. This caused extreme burn damage across the planet facing side of the CSISS, and one vaccum-window to shatter, causing a depressurization of the affected room.

The Cann Space Industries Space Station Damage Managment System, or CSISSDMS, was activated, causing repairs to to enter a queue and the affected room being issolated with bulkhead covers.