The United Nations of Earth (UN) is an international union of 189 member countries of Earth as well as the four planetary colonial governments in Sol. The UN functions as the representative governing body of Earth— as well as the Sol system as a whole— and regulates international affairs such as commerce, policy, legal issues, diplomacy, and peacekeeping.

Elevated from its original status as an intergovernmental organization, the UN has since vested its power into a full, almost-proper, world government with the signing of the Constellation Act, prompting the UN to become the sole representative body of Earth as a whole. Though they are almost-proper, as they do not exert de-jure nor de-facto control on individual nations on Earth, having to instead use deliberation in their legislative body to win over nations within its assembly. However, they do still hold tremendous sway nonetheless given their critical position in the future of humanity amidst the stars.

In the wake of space travel, the UN has taken operations as the executive government behind interstellar operations, overseeing colonization, security and defense, trade, and diplomacy. It maintains large military forces as well as a sizeable complement of peacekeeping and diplomatic agencies.

The UN fields two dominant armed forces forming the United Nations Defense Forces: the Peacekeeper Corps for Earth and planetary-based defense and security, and the Sol Defence Corps for interplanetary and space defense and dominance.

As much as the UN values itself to be the idealistic society that previous republics could only dream to be, the UN is still home to heavily corrupt politicians, with thoughts of personal advancement shaping their own agendas and mandates, as the United Nations is still a government of which bureaucracy reigns, no matter the moral agenda of the government.

This has led to staggering amounts of internal conflict and strife within the UN, as underworld enterprises buy out Assembly politicians to forward laws indirectly encouraging criminal enterprises and discouraging control by the United Nations, deferring instead to national governments on Earth whose precedence has decreased by 2117. Several high-profile investigations carried out by the Security Council find dozens of assemblymen guilty of corruption and graft, but as they leave the doors, new waves flood in.

Mega-corporations such as AXIOM continuously fight themselves and other rival corporations, on top of the other interest groups present on Earth, for their own control over the United Nation’s affairs to benefit themselves. While not openly purchasing or hiring politicians, corporations often use their influence through their whatever part of the market they dominate to indirectly sway the opinions of Representatives and Assemblymen in alternate directions that could benefit both parties above collective interests.

While some say the UN might collapse from the inside due to its instability, the majority says that corruption is an inevitable factor of governments—especially worldwide ones.

(OOU Note: This data was pulled from the SSRP Wiki, please show support to the original Authors.)